To make our things more accessible, we've ensured that we have used aria features to allow screen readers to interpret our website. Moreover, we have used roles, such as role='button' to ensure that it is clear to the user, and browser, that a non-standard element is to be interpreted as a button. The colour scheme we have used is focused on contrast, ensuring that the content is extremely clear and easy to see. To make our links or buttons clear, we have used bright colours to signify importance, or used typical button/link behaviour, such as underlining and the cursor changing to pointer when hovering. In many cases, we used both of these techniques. We also used outlined buttons that fill in when hovered to more clearly show that it is a button, and is being hovered. The use of a nav bar has made it clear how to navigate through different pages. To clarify, we placed the log out button in a dropdown in the header to make it a bit more difficult to access, such that the user is more likely to use our application for longer. Modals were used to better focus the user on the form/data inputs they were about to fill out, so that they were not overwhelmed with too much information or data. Feedback is also given on certain forms to show the user what they need to do, and colours are used to signify what is currently a valid input (green), and what is invalid (red). Alerts were also used when some actions were performed to clarify to the user whether the action was successful or unsuccessful. Significant actions are also given second chances, such as deleting a post. The user is presented with a modal pop up, reconfirming that they want the action to be completed. This ensures that less accidental actions are completed. Alt text is also used for images to ensure that it is able to be interpreted without the need of visuals. Toggle buttons are used to show when a switch/button is active or inactive (e.g. Like / Unlike button). Finally, when inputs are empty, such as an empty job feed, profile job feed, comments, or likes, we used encouraging text to ensure the user has a positive experience and to encourage them to use the application. 